Add README sections for secure connections and common errors (#166)
ldapts/ldapts: README.md

### Use `Client` Constructor for LDAPS

If the LDAP server requires `ldaps://` (LDAP over SSL), specify `ldaps://` in the `url` and provide `tlsOptions` to the Client constructor to handle certificate validation.
This will establish a secure connection to the LDAP server over TLS from the moment the LDAP client is instantiated.

Example:

```ts
import { Client } from 'ldapts';
import fs from 'fs';
const client = new Client({
  url: 'ldaps://ldap.example.com',
  tlsOptions: {
    ca: [fs.readFileSync('/path/to/ca-cert.pem')],
  },
});
```

### Use `client.startTLS` for STARTTLS

If the server is unable to support LDAP over SSL but supports `STARTTLS`, the connection can be upgraded to a secure connection.
Connect to the server using `ldap://` and call `client.startTLS()` to upgrade to a secure connection.

Example:

```ts
import { Client } from 'ldapts';
import fs from 'fs';
const client = new Client({ url: 'ldap://ldap.example.com' });
async function connectWithStartTLS() {
  await client.startTLS({
    ca: [fs.readFileSync('/path/to/ca-cert.pem')],
  });
}
```

## Common Errors

> ### Client network socket disconnected before secure TLS connection was established
> 
> Cause: The server expects an `ldaps://` connection, but the client uses `ldap://` without upgrading to TLS.
> 
> Solution: Use `ldaps://` in the `url` or call `startTLS()` to upgrade the connection.

Reviewer: This can also be caused by the reverse mismatch: if the client is configured to use SSL over ldaps (i.e. providing TLS options in the `Client` constructor) but the server doesn't support it. So this part could be a bit broader. e.g.

```suggestion
### Client network socket disconnected before secure TLS connection was established

Cause: There is a mismatch between the LDAP protocol being used by the client and server. For example, The server expects an `ldaps://` connection, but the client uses `ldap://` without upgrading to TLS. Alternatively, the client is configured to use LDAP over SSL, but is connecting to the server using the `ldap://` protocol.

Solution: Review the configuration options above and ensure that the client and server are configured to use the same protocol. For example, if connecting to a `ldap://` address, call `startTLS()` to upgrade the connection. If connecting to an `ldaps://` protocol, provide the TLS options in the `Client` constructor.
```
